shopServer/Services/ChangePwdService.java
 shopServer.Services.ChangePwdService
generated/serviceShoppingListGrpc.java
 generated.serviceShoppingListGrpc
 generated.serviceShoppingListGrpc$1
 generated.serviceShoppingListGrpc$2
 generated.serviceShoppingListGrpc$3
 generated.serviceShoppingListGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceShoppingListGrpc$serviceShoppingListBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceShoppingListGrpc$serviceShoppingListBlockingStub
 generated.serviceShoppingListGrpc$serviceShoppingListFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceShoppingListGrpc$serviceShoppingListFutureStub
 generated.serviceShoppingListGrpc$serviceShoppingListImplBase
 generated.serviceShoppingListGrpc$serviceShoppingListMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceShoppingListGrpc$serviceShoppingListStub
shopServer/Services/CategoriesService.java
 shopServer.Services.CategoriesService
generated/serviceUpdateProductGrpc.java
 generated.serviceUpdateProductGrpc
 generated.serviceUpdateProductGrpc$1
 generated.serviceUpdateProductGrpc$2
 generated.serviceUpdateProductGrpc$3
 generated.serviceUpdateProductGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceUpdateProductGrpc$serviceUpdateProductBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceUpdateProductGrpc$serviceUpdateProductBlockingStub
 generated.serviceUpdateProductGrpc$serviceUpdateProductFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceUpdateProductGrpc$serviceUpdateProductFutureStub
 generated.serviceUpdateProductGrpc$serviceUpdateProductImplBase
 generated.serviceUpdateProductGrpc$serviceUpdateProductMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceUpdateProductGrpc$serviceUpdateProductStub
generated/serviceAddShoppingListGrpc.java
 generated.serviceAddShoppingListGrpc
 generated.serviceAddShoppingListGrpc$1
 generated.serviceAddShoppingListGrpc$2
 generated.serviceAddShoppingListGrpc$3
 generated.serviceAddShoppingListGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceAddShoppingListGrpc$serviceAddShoppingListBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceAddShoppingListGrpc$serviceAddShoppingListBlockingStub
 generated.serviceAddShoppingListGrpc$serviceAddShoppingListFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceAddShoppingListGrpc$serviceAddShoppingListFutureStub
 generated.serviceAddShoppingListGrpc$serviceAddShoppingListImplBase
 generated.serviceAddShoppingListGrpc$serviceAddShoppingListMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceAddShoppingListGrpc$serviceAddShoppingListStub
shopServer/Services/IsLikedService.java
 shopServer.Services.IsLikedService
shopServer/Services/GetRestocksService.java
 shopServer.Services.GetRestocksService
shopServer/Services/AddShoppingListService.java
 shopServer.Services.AddShoppingListService
shopServer/Services/GetProductsService.java
 shopServer.Services.GetProductsService
 shopServer.Services.GetProductsService$1
shopServer/Services/AddRestockService.java
 shopServer.Services.AddRestockService
shopServer/Services/AddUserService.java
 shopServer.Services.AddUserService
shopServer/Services/LikesService.java
 shopServer.Services.LikesService
generated/serviceMakeRestockGrpc.java
 generated.serviceMakeRestockGrpc
 generated.serviceMakeRestockGrpc$1
 generated.serviceMakeRestockGrpc$2
 generated.serviceMakeRestockGrpc$3
 generated.serviceMakeRestockGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceMakeRestockGrpc$serviceMakeRestockBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceMakeRestockGrpc$serviceMakeRestockBlockingStub
 generated.serviceMakeRestockGrpc$serviceMakeRestockFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceMakeRestockGrpc$serviceMakeRestockFutureStub
 generated.serviceMakeRestockGrpc$serviceMakeRestockImplBase
 generated.serviceMakeRestockGrpc$serviceMakeRestockMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceMakeRestockGrpc$serviceMakeRestockStub
generated/serviceAddProductGrpc.java
 generated.serviceAddProductGrpc
 generated.serviceAddProductGrpc$1
 generated.serviceAddProductGrpc$2
 generated.serviceAddProductGrpc$3
 generated.serviceAddProductGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceAddProductGrpc$serviceAddProductBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceAddProductGrpc$serviceAddProductBlockingStub
 generated.serviceAddProductGrpc$serviceAddProductFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceAddProductGrpc$serviceAddProductFutureStub
 generated.serviceAddProductGrpc$serviceAddProductImplBase
 generated.serviceAddProductGrpc$serviceAddProductMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceAddProductGrpc$serviceAddProductStub
generated/serviceMakeSaleGrpc.java
 generated.serviceMakeSaleGrpc
 generated.serviceMakeSaleGrpc$1
 generated.serviceMakeSaleGrpc$2
 generated.serviceMakeSaleGrpc$3
 generated.serviceMakeSaleGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceMakeSaleGrpc$serviceMakeSaleBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceMakeSaleGrpc$serviceMakeSaleBlockingStub
 generated.serviceMakeSaleGrpc$serviceMakeSaleFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceMakeSaleGrpc$serviceMakeSaleFutureStub
 generated.serviceMakeSaleGrpc$serviceMakeSaleImplBase
 generated.serviceMakeSaleGrpc$serviceMakeSaleMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceMakeSaleGrpc$serviceMakeSaleStub
generated/serviceProductsGrpc.java
 generated.serviceProductsGrpc
 generated.serviceProductsGrpc$1
 generated.serviceProductsGrpc$2
 generated.serviceProductsGrpc$3
 generated.serviceProductsGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceProductsGrpc$serviceProductsBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceProductsGrpc$serviceProductsBlockingStub
 generated.serviceProductsGrpc$serviceProductsFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceProductsGrpc$serviceProductsFutureStub
 generated.serviceProductsGrpc$serviceProductsImplBase
 generated.serviceProductsGrpc$serviceProductsMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceProductsGrpc$serviceProductsStub
generated/serviceLikesListGrpc.java
 generated.serviceLikesListGrpc
 generated.serviceLikesListGrpc$1
 generated.serviceLikesListGrpc$2
 generated.serviceLikesListGrpc$3
 generated.serviceLikesListGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceLikesListGrpc$serviceLikesListBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceLikesListGrpc$serviceLikesListBlockingStub
 generated.serviceLikesListGrpc$serviceLikesListFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceLikesListGrpc$serviceLikesListFutureStub
 generated.serviceLikesListGrpc$serviceLikesListImplBase
 generated.serviceLikesListGrpc$serviceLikesListMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceLikesListGrpc$serviceLikesListStub
shopServer/Services/Encryption.java
 shopServer.Services.Encryption
generated/serviceUserDataGrpc.java
 generated.serviceUserDataGrpc
 generated.serviceUserDataGrpc$1
 generated.serviceUserDataGrpc$2
 generated.serviceUserDataGrpc$3
 generated.serviceUserDataGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceUserDataGrpc$serviceUserDataBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceUserDataGrpc$serviceUserDataBlockingStub
 generated.serviceUserDataGrpc$serviceUserDataFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceUserDataGrpc$serviceUserDataFutureStub
 generated.serviceUserDataGrpc$serviceUserDataImplBase
 generated.serviceUserDataGrpc$serviceUserDataMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceUserDataGrpc$serviceUserDataStub
generated/serviceUpdateUserDataGrpc.java
 generated.serviceUpdateUserDataGrpc
 generated.serviceUpdateUserDataGrpc$1
 generated.serviceUpdateUserDataGrpc$2
 generated.serviceUpdateUserDataGrpc$3
 generated.serviceUpdateUserDataGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceUpdateUserDataGrpc$serviceUpdateUserDataBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceUpdateUserDataGrpc$serviceUpdateUserDataBlockingStub
 generated.serviceUpdateUserDataGrpc$serviceUpdateUserDataFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceUpdateUserDataGrpc$serviceUpdateUserDataFutureStub
 generated.serviceUpdateUserDataGrpc$serviceUpdateUserDataImplBase
 generated.serviceUpdateUserDataGrpc$serviceUpdateUserDataMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceUpdateUserDataGrpc$serviceUpdateUserDataStub
shopServer/Services/ProductDataService.java
 shopServer.Services.ProductDataService
shopServer/Services/AddProductService.java
 shopServer.Services.AddProductService
generated/serviceAddUserGrpc.java
 generated.serviceAddUserGrpc
 generated.serviceAddUserGrpc$1
 generated.serviceAddUserGrpc$2
 generated.serviceAddUserGrpc$3
 generated.serviceAddUserGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceAddUserGrpc$serviceAddUserBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceAddUserGrpc$serviceAddUserBlockingStub
 generated.serviceAddUserGrpc$serviceAddUserFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceAddUserGrpc$serviceAddUserFutureStub
 generated.serviceAddUserGrpc$serviceAddUserImplBase
 generated.serviceAddUserGrpc$serviceAddUserMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceAddUserGrpc$serviceAddUserStub
generated/General.java
 generated.General
 generated.General$ClientPetitionAddProduct
 generated.General$ClientPetitionAddProduct$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionAddProduct$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionAddProductOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionAddShoppingList
 generated.General$ClientPetitionAddShoppingList$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionAddShoppingList$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionAddShoppingListOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionAddUser
 generated.General$ClientPetitionAddUser$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionAddUser$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionAddUserOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionCategories
 generated.General$ClientPetitionCategories$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionCategories$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionCategoriesOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionIsLiked
 generated.General$ClientPetitionIsLiked$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionIsLiked$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionIsLikedOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLike
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLike$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLike$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLike$StatusCode
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLike$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLikeOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLikesList
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLikesList$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLikesList$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLikesListOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLogin
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLogin$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLogin$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionLoginOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionMakeRestock
 generated.General$ClientPetitionMakeRestock$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionMakeRestock$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionMakeRestockOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionMakeSale
 generated.General$ClientPetitionMakeSale$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionMakeSale$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionMakeSaleOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionProduct
 generated.General$ClientPetitionProduct$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionProduct$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionProductOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionProducts
 generated.General$ClientPetitionProducts$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionProducts$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionProducts$StatusCode
 generated.General$ClientPetitionProducts$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionProductsOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionPwdChange
 generated.General$ClientPetitionPwdChange$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionPwdChange$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionPwdChangeOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionRestocks
 generated.General$ClientPetitionRestocks$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionRestocks$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionRestocksOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionSales
 generated.General$ClientPetitionSales$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionSales$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionSalesOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionShoppingList
 generated.General$ClientPetitionShoppingList$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionShoppingList$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionShoppingListOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionUpdateProduct
 generated.General$ClientPetitionUpdateProduct$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionUpdateProduct$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionUpdateProductOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionUpdateUserData
 generated.General$ClientPetitionUpdateUserData$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionUpdateUserData$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionUpdateUserDataOrBuilder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionUserData
 generated.General$ClientPetitionUserData$1
 generated.General$ClientPetitionUserData$Builder
 generated.General$ClientPetitionUserDataOrBuilder
 generated.General$Product
 generated.General$Product$1
 generated.General$Product$Builder
 generated.General$Product$Format
 generated.General$Product$Format$1
 generated.General$ProductOrBuilder
 generated.General$ProductShoppingList
 generated.General$ProductShoppingList$1
 generated.General$ProductShoppingList$Builder
 generated.General$ProductShoppingList$Format
 generated.General$ProductShoppingList$Format$1
 generated.General$ProductShoppingListOrBuilder
 generated.General$Restock
 generated.General$Restock$1
 generated.General$Restock$Builder
 generated.General$RestockOrBuilder
 generated.General$Sale
 generated.General$Sale$1
 generated.General$Sale$Builder
 generated.General$SaleOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddProduct
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddProduct$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddProduct$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddProduct$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddProduct$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddProductOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddShoppingList
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddShoppingList$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddShoppingList$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddShoppingList$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddShoppingList$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddShoppingListOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddUser
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddUser$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddUser$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddUser$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddUser$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseAddUserOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseCategories
 generated.General$ServerResponseCategories$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseCategories$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseCategories$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseCategories$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseCategoriesOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseIsLiked
 generated.General$ServerResponseIsLiked$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseIsLiked$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseIsLiked$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseIsLiked$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseIsLikedOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseLike
 generated.General$ServerResponseLike$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseLike$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseLike$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseLike$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseLikeOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseLikesList
 generated.General$ServerResponseLikesList$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseLikesList$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseLikesList$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseLikesList$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseLikesListOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseLogin
 generated.General$ServerResponseLogin$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseLogin$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseLogin$Format
 generated.General$ServerResponseLogin$Format$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseLogin$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseLogin$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseLoginOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseMakeRestock
 generated.General$ServerResponseMakeRestock$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseMakeRestock$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseMakeRestock$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseMakeRestock$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseMakeRestockOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseMakeSale
 generated.General$ServerResponseMakeSale$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseMakeSale$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseMakeSale$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseMakeSale$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseMakeSaleOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseProduct
 generated.General$ServerResponseProduct$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseProduct$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseProduct$Format
 generated.General$ServerResponseProduct$Format$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseProduct$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseProduct$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseProductOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseProducts
 generated.General$ServerResponseProducts$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseProducts$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseProducts$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseProducts$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseProductsOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponsePwdChange
 generated.General$ServerResponsePwdChange$1
 generated.General$ServerResponsePwdChange$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponsePwdChange$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponsePwdChange$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponsePwdChangeOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseRestocks
 generated.General$ServerResponseRestocks$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseRestocks$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseRestocks$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseRestocks$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseRestocksOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseSales
 generated.General$ServerResponseSales$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseSales$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseSales$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseSales$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseSalesOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseShoppingList
 generated.General$ServerResponseShoppingList$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseShoppingList$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseShoppingList$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseShoppingList$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseShoppingListOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseUpdateProduct
 generated.General$ServerResponseUpdateProduct$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseUpdateProduct$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseUpdateProduct$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseUpdateProduct$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseUpdateProductOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseUpdateUserData
 generated.General$ServerResponseUpdateUserData$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseUpdateUserData$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseUpdateUserData$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseUpdateUserData$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseUpdateUserDataOrBuilder
 generated.General$ServerResponseUserData
 generated.General$ServerResponseUserData$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseUserData$Builder
 generated.General$ServerResponseUserData$StatusCode
 generated.General$ServerResponseUserData$StatusCode$1
 generated.General$ServerResponseUserDataOrBuilder
shopServer/Services/GetShoppingListService.java
 shopServer.Services.GetShoppingListService
generated/serviceIsLikedGrpc.java
 generated.serviceIsLikedGrpc
 generated.serviceIsLikedGrpc$1
 generated.serviceIsLikedGrpc$2
 generated.serviceIsLikedGrpc$3
 generated.serviceIsLikedGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceIsLikedGrpc$serviceIsLikedBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceIsLikedGrpc$serviceIsLikedBlockingStub
 generated.serviceIsLikedGrpc$serviceIsLikedFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceIsLikedGrpc$serviceIsLikedFutureStub
 generated.serviceIsLikedGrpc$serviceIsLikedImplBase
 generated.serviceIsLikedGrpc$serviceIsLikedMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceIsLikedGrpc$serviceIsLikedStub
shopServer/Services/LoginService.java
 shopServer.Services.LoginService
shopServer/Services/LikesListService.java
 shopServer.Services.LikesListService
shopServer/Services/DataBase.java
 shopServer.Services.DataBase
generated/serviceLikeGrpc.java
 generated.serviceLikeGrpc
 generated.serviceLikeGrpc$1
 generated.serviceLikeGrpc$2
 generated.serviceLikeGrpc$3
 generated.serviceLikeGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceLikeGrpc$serviceLikeBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceLikeGrpc$serviceLikeBlockingStub
 generated.serviceLikeGrpc$serviceLikeFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceLikeGrpc$serviceLikeFutureStub
 generated.serviceLikeGrpc$serviceLikeImplBase
 generated.serviceLikeGrpc$serviceLikeMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceLikeGrpc$serviceLikeStub
shopServer/ShopServer.java
 shopServer.ShopServer
shopServer/Services/UserDataService.java
 shopServer.Services.UserDataService
shopServer/Services/GetSalesService.java
 shopServer.Services.GetSalesService
generated/serviceCategoriesGrpc.java
 generated.serviceCategoriesGrpc
 generated.serviceCategoriesGrpc$1
 generated.serviceCategoriesGrpc$2
 generated.serviceCategoriesGrpc$3
 generated.serviceCategoriesGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceCategoriesGrpc$serviceCategoriesBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceCategoriesGrpc$serviceCategoriesBlockingStub
 generated.serviceCategoriesGrpc$serviceCategoriesFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceCategoriesGrpc$serviceCategoriesFutureStub
 generated.serviceCategoriesGrpc$serviceCategoriesImplBase
 generated.serviceCategoriesGrpc$serviceCategoriesMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceCategoriesGrpc$serviceCategoriesStub
generated/serviceRestocksGrpc.java
 generated.serviceRestocksGrpc
 generated.serviceRestocksGrpc$1
 generated.serviceRestocksGrpc$2
 generated.serviceRestocksGrpc$3
 generated.serviceRestocksGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceRestocksGrpc$serviceRestocksBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceRestocksGrpc$serviceRestocksBlockingStub
 generated.serviceRestocksGrpc$serviceRestocksFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceRestocksGrpc$serviceRestocksFutureStub
 generated.serviceRestocksGrpc$serviceRestocksImplBase
 generated.serviceRestocksGrpc$serviceRestocksMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceRestocksGrpc$serviceRestocksStub
generated/servicePwdChangeGrpc.java
 generated.servicePwdChangeGrpc
 generated.servicePwdChangeGrpc$1
 generated.servicePwdChangeGrpc$2
 generated.servicePwdChangeGrpc$3
 generated.servicePwdChangeGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.servicePwdChangeGrpc$servicePwdChangeBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.servicePwdChangeGrpc$servicePwdChangeBlockingStub
 generated.servicePwdChangeGrpc$servicePwdChangeFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.servicePwdChangeGrpc$servicePwdChangeFutureStub
 generated.servicePwdChangeGrpc$servicePwdChangeImplBase
 generated.servicePwdChangeGrpc$servicePwdChangeMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.servicePwdChangeGrpc$servicePwdChangeStub
shopServer/Services/ChangeUserService.java
 shopServer.Services.ChangeUserService
generated/serviceLoginGrpc.java
 generated.serviceLoginGrpc
 generated.serviceLoginGrpc$1
 generated.serviceLoginGrpc$2
 generated.serviceLoginGrpc$3
 generated.serviceLoginGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceLoginGrpc$serviceLoginBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceLoginGrpc$serviceLoginBlockingStub
 generated.serviceLoginGrpc$serviceLoginFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceLoginGrpc$serviceLoginFutureStub
 generated.serviceLoginGrpc$serviceLoginImplBase
 generated.serviceLoginGrpc$serviceLoginMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceLoginGrpc$serviceLoginStub
generated/serviceSalesGrpc.java
 generated.serviceSalesGrpc
 generated.serviceSalesGrpc$1
 generated.serviceSalesGrpc$2
 generated.serviceSalesGrpc$3
 generated.serviceSalesGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceSalesGrpc$serviceSalesBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceSalesGrpc$serviceSalesBlockingStub
 generated.serviceSalesGrpc$serviceSalesFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceSalesGrpc$serviceSalesFutureStub
 generated.serviceSalesGrpc$serviceSalesImplBase
 generated.serviceSalesGrpc$serviceSalesMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceSalesGrpc$serviceSalesStub
shopServer/Services/AddSaleService.java
 shopServer.Services.AddSaleService
shopServer/Services/UpdateProductService.java
 shopServer.Services.UpdateProductService
generated/serviceProductGrpc.java
 generated.serviceProductGrpc
 generated.serviceProductGrpc$1
 generated.serviceProductGrpc$2
 generated.serviceProductGrpc$3
 generated.serviceProductGrpc$MethodHandlers
 generated.serviceProductGrpc$serviceProductBaseDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceProductGrpc$serviceProductBlockingStub
 generated.serviceProductGrpc$serviceProductFileDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceProductGrpc$serviceProductFutureStub
 generated.serviceProductGrpc$serviceProductImplBase
 generated.serviceProductGrpc$serviceProductMethodDescriptorSupplier
 generated.serviceProductGrpc$serviceProductStub
